PieChart doughnut chart Total value broken when aligning legend right (#190)
propeldata/ui-kit: .changeset/poor-dancers-explain.md

---
'@propeldata/ui-kit': patch
---

> Fixed bug doughnut chart total not aligning correctly

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Fixed bug in doughnut chart, where the total did not align correctly when the legend was rendered on the right.
```
